Typo "Azure functions"→"Azure Functions" (#65859)
Azure/azure-content: articles/logic-apps/logic-apps-scenario-function-sb-trigger.md

---
title: Call logic apps with Azure Functions

> description: Use Azure Functions to call or trigger logic apps by listening to Azure Service Bus

Reviewer: Hi @ktoliver, can you update this edit as follows? Thanks!

```suggestion
description: Call or trigger logic apps by using Azure Functions and Azure Service Bus
```

# Call or trigger logic apps by using Azure Functions and Azure Service Bus

> You can use [Azure Functions](../azure-functions/functions-overview.md) to trigger a logic app when you need to deploy a long-running listener or task. For example, you can create an Azure Function that listens in on an [Azure Service Bus](../service-bus-messaging/service-bus-messaging-overview.md) queue and immediately fires a logic app as a push trigger.

Reviewer: Hi @hyoshioka0128, thanks for your feedback. I'd like to suggest this edit instead: 

```suggestion
You can use [Azure Functions](../azure-functions/functions-overview.md) to trigger a logic app when you need to deploy a long-running listener or task. For example, you can create a function that listens in on an [Azure Service Bus](../service-bus-messaging/service-bus-messaging-overview.md) queue and immediately fires a logic app as a push trigger.
```

## Prerequisites

* An Azure subscription. If you don't have an Azure subscription, [sign up for a free Azure account](https://azure.microsoft.com/free/).

* An Azure Service Bus namespace. If you don't have a namespace, [create your namespace first](../service-bus-messaging/service-bus-create-namespace-portal.md).

> * An Azure Function app, which is a container for Azure Functions. If you don't have a function app, [create your function app first](../azure-functions/functions-create-first-azure-function.md), and make sure that you select .NET as the runtime stack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A function app, which is a container for your functions. If you don't have a function app, [create your function app first](../azure-functions/functions-create-first-azure-function.md), and make sure that you select .NET as the runtime stack.
```

   ![Generated callback URL for trigger](./media/logic-apps-scenario-function-sb-trigger/callback-URL-for-trigger.png)

> ## Create Azure Function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Create a function
```
